What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Initializing a Git Repository creates a ".git" directory in the directory that you're
working within. Why do I need to do it? That's a good question. The fact that the
commit process doesn't actually start until you _add_ files to the commit makes
it seem like this step is unnecessary. One would think that if one tried to add a file
to a directory that was without a ".git" directory that one would simply be created.
That being said, perhaps there are other background framework processes that I'm
still unaware of? It's hard to say!

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area allows you to prepare your files for a commit. You can see what you're
going to be adding and if you need to make changes you still can before, pun intended,
"committing". It also allows you, I imagine, to add a commit message before the commit
is made and to adjust it - but, perhaps that is only done at time of commit. Basically
I see it as a chance to ensure you're satisfied with how your commit will look before
creating it.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

That's a good question. Thinking about it, it allows me to compare the current changes
to the latest commit and therefore I can see if the changes I have made amount to one
logical change overall. Then I can commit that change and add a commit message that
reflects the changes that I made. What were those commands again? I mean, obviously
'git diff', 'git status', but there were some operators... like '--staged' wasn't there?
That lesson went by pretty quickly, I might need to go back and brush up on it.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Like she mentioned in the video, if I was working on an experimental aspect of the program
that was more or less separate from my main work, I might want to create a branch that
keeps the rest of the code untouched and ready for changes. That being said, what if my
experimental code ends up with outdated code that was removed in subsequent master branch
commits? I'm not sure, I think I'll find out in later lessons! Anyhow, it also helps in
making variants, as she did in this last lesson with the creation of an "easy mode" for
the asteroids game. And of course, before I forget, being able to NAME the branches
helps incredibly in keeping your history and work organized.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

As commits and branches are very linear in structure, and have parents, then they are very
easy to visualize and drawing diagrams helps keep it all in order. In addition, it helps
to know that Git warns you when you're in a detached head state as you do run a real risk
of losing all of your changes if you revert back to the master or another branch that can't
"reach" or doesn't haave "reachability" with your current changes (which is what the detached
head state is).

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

You combine the differences between the two using the context of their shared parent. Therefore,
theoretically, you end up with a merging of the two files that should retain the unique func-
tionality of each. I could forsee this being difficult if the two branches conflicted somehow,
but we'll see how that's addressed in later lessons if at all. They are represented the way they are in
the diagrams because they have two separate paths of history: one for each branch that was merged,
that is, the new "master" has two parents instead of one. Also, I just want to point out that I'm
glad they finally introduced the "git show" command to show the changes made between a commit and
its parent, and I understand why they kept that in their pocket as long as they did. I wouldn't
appreciate fully what the command was doing or why it was necessary until this step when parentage
gets all fuzzy during merging (as all of the commits are listed in the history by their timestamp
rather than in their respective branches).

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Automatic merging works well if two changes are unrelated to each other. However, it seems as 
if Git will only detect changes that are made in the same sections of the code - that is, the same
physical section. Which makes sense, I suppose, as it's comparing your two branches to an original
ancestor. Would that mean that it makes more sense to add to the bottom of code than to the top of it?
That being said, in the example that we just looked at, Git noticed a conflict in one part of code,
but didn't notice that the same chunk of code had been removed and placed directly above it. Perhaps
that's because that section was completely replaced with one line - that is, a chunk was removed
but there was still someone *different* occupying that space, even if it was just a change of one
line. It probably correctly intuited that everything below had remained the same - that is, it
could detect where there is consistency and where there is not. The benefit over doing merges manually
is that Git highlights the differences for you and allows most other changes to stand. You don't
have to do the legwork of deciding if there are conflicts as Git detects them for you.